nginx_proxy documentation update: clarified configuration. (#2860)
home-assistant/addons: nginx_proxy/DOCS.md

   - `ssl_certificate`
   - `ssl_key`
   - `server_port`

> 3. And you need to add the `trusted_proxies` section (requests from reverse proxies will be blocked if these options are not set). Restart the Home Assistant Core service after this change from `Developer Tools -> Restart`.

Reviewer: The location is somewhat outdated. I'd just add the hint that a restart 

```suggestion
3. And you need to add the `trusted_proxies` section (requests from reverse proxies will be blocked if these options are not set). You'll need to restart Home Assistant Core after `configuration.yaml` changes.
```
